# Sentiment-Analysis-of-Financial-Data
Sentiment Analysis of Financial Data
With rapid development of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence, there is a significant volume of research being conducted in the field of sentiment analysis and natural language processing (NLP). It is used widely for estimating customer satisfaction during the launch of new products on the market. 
In the era of ‘Big Data’ most of decisions makers want to know what Social Media and Internet users are thinking about their products and services. But the volume of information is so large that it is impossible to read all texts. And often it is not necessary. It is more important to know the sentiment of reviews. This gave a new boost to development of sentiment analysis. Recently it is used in different fields of human activity. Companies are becoming interested now not only in analysing their customers feedbacks or Social Media reviews. They want to understand how their business can be influenced by news that mention related products or services.
Financial specialists very often have to take instant decisions about buying or selling some stocks or assets. Forecasting’s for stock and commodities market are done all around the world. Prices on this market are influenced by a large set of factors. 
However, there is not a significant volume of literature on the sentiment analysis techniques being applied to financial data. This report investigates the relationships between sentiment from some social media sources, financial sites news, in particular from financial site Bloomberg, and prices for energy sources. 
